welcome to review recapped
today we will be showing you an american
sci-fi comedy movie named death becomes
her
spoilers ahead
sit back and enjoy
the film opens up with madeline
performing a dance at the theater in the
audience are her childhood friends helen
who is an aspiring writer in her fiance
ernest who is a plastic surgeon
after the show
helen and ernest meet madeline in her
dressing room
madeline starts flirting with ernest
soon helen feels that ernest might fall
for her friend's glamorous charms and
later in the scene we see that her fears
soon prove to be correct ernest calls
off his engagement with helen and
marries madeline
seven years later
we see helen to fall into a depression
becomes obese living in an apartment
with numerous cats her days consist of
watching a film starring madeline in
which her character is killed we see
that she rewinds the scene over and over
again to see her die in that movie
later helen is put into a mental
institution but even after several
months of therapy she still has not
shown any improvement her psychologist
advises helen that she needs to
completely eliminate madeline from her
mind in a twisted way helen takes the
advice really seriously
again after seven years we see madeleine
receives an invitation for her and
earnest to attend a book release party
called forever young from helen during
this time madeline's career has also
slowly gone down she seems to be only
worried for her youthful looks while
ernest has become an alcoholic caretaker
and is miserable in his married life
after receiving the invitation madeleine
goes to her regular beauty clinic to
look more youthful but the beauty
assistant refuses to help her because
madeleine already had her treatment done
before soon she meets the owner of the
clinic who hands over her a card of a
renowned woman who could sort her out
with the beauty treatment
frustrated madeline tears the card and
throws it in her purse
next we see madeleine and ernest attend
the party both are eager to see helen
assuming she might be overweight and
ugly to their surprise their old friend
helen turns out to be beautiful young
and in good shape
on seeing her
madeline becomes jealous and completely
loses her mind
while ernest gets attracted towards the
beautiful young helen
later that same night after the party
madeleine goes to see her young male
lover where she finds out that he's
cheating on her he tells her that she's
gotten too old for him on hearing this
madeline gets more upset and drives back
to home
while driving she takes a look at her
old self and starts crying
heartbroken madeline then looks at the
card that she had ignored and had thrown
away in her purse she then decides to
see that renowned woman lie the same
night
after some time madeline enters the old
mansion where she finds lyle who is
young beautiful and attractive
later lyle reveals her age to be 71 on
hearing this madeline gets completely
shocked
she tells madeleine her secret as a very
expensive potion of a drink that gives a
person eternal life with an everlasting
youthful appearance to prove herself
right lyle puts a slight cut on her
finger and puts a drop of the potion on
it soon as the potion is put on her
finger madeline's hand heals leaving her
in a complete shock
madeleine quickly purchases the potion
and drinks it to the last drop however
right after she had the potion lyle
warns her to take care of her body
before madeline leaves the mansion she
looks in a mirror and is amazed to see
her wrinkles disappear and her body
become firm once again
she remarks to the guard i'm a girl and
the guard simply puts his finger to his
lips indicating the level of secrecy
madeline must now adhere to
meanwhile helen goes to visit ernest in
the absence of madeleine helen attempts
to seduce ernest and convinces him to
kill madeleine
she explains her plan of drugging
madeleine and that they would declare to
everyone that she died drunk while
driving
helen leaves shortly after convincing
earnest and madeleine returns home happy
to be youthful again
later we see madeline and ernest get
into an ugly argument having been
tempted by helen's plans he ends up
pushing madeleine down the stairs
instead of saving her madeline falls off
the stairs and badly breaks her neck
lying on the floor unsure what to do
next confused ernest makes a call to
helen informing her about madeleine's
death
while he is still on the call madeleine
gets up from her fall with her head is
twisted backwards and becomes the living
dead ernest freaks out completely on
seeing her
madeline quickly fixes her head and
ernest drives her to the emergency room
the doctor takes a look at her and gets
shocked himself to find out that her
heart has stopped beating and that she's
technically dead when they find she
neither has a pulse nor a temperature
above 80 degrees fahrenheit they take
her down to the morgue
ernest believes that a miracle has
happened and that madeleine was
resurrected he steals her from the
morgue and takes her back home
earnest notes that madeleine has lost
color so he goes to the mortuary where
he worked to get paints and other things
to fix her body
however this process is interrupted by
helen who has come to remind earnest
about their plan of killing madeleine
ernest tries to calm her down
meanwhile their voices get higher
madeleine overhears helen's intended
death plot for her and appears before
the two with a gun
madeleine ends up blowing helen with the
gun into the garden pool with a hole in
her abdomen
later we see ernest and madeline decide
to get rid of helen's body lying in the
pool the best scene of the movie we all
enjoyed watching was that helen emerges
from the pool leaving metal in an
earnest shot still alive with a hole in
her stomach
madeline soon realizes that helen too
had lyle's potion ernest watches the two
women arguing about taking the potion
and engaging in a battle so he quietly
goes back upstairs
after the fight the two end up hurting
each other physically but finally comes
to a reconciliation going to earnest
asking him to fix them ernest agrees but
on the condition that he is allowed to
leave them forever once he has finished
the girls agree immediately to never
contacting him again
after repairing the girls they are at
first overjoyed but then realize that
their bodies require upkeep now and only
earnest can provide that helen suggests
they drug him and both girls force him
to have the drink with drug in it
however ernest refuses to drink it and
tries to leave
in desperation the girls hit ernest over
the head knocking him unconscious
next we see ernest waking up next to
swimming pool of lyle's mansion dressed
in a tuxedo
lyle is throwing a party for her clients
but has taken time to meet earnest at
madeline and helen's request lyle shows
ernest the effects of the potion and
encourages him to take it as well
however ernest is reluctant seeing a
downside to living forever he starts
thinking practically that he doesn't
want to watch people around him get old
and die his body could be injured in
accidents and most likely he will end up
having to cope with madeline and helen
forever
he snatches the potion and runs off the
ladies chase him to the roof where they
trap him ernest knows that they only
want him to drink the potion for their
selfish reasons and not because they
actually love or like him hanging over
roof he drops the potion bottle where it
crashes a few stories below he then
falls off the rooftop himself but the
pool saves him
somehow ernest escapes the mansion in a
vintage porsche helen and madeline
acting on lyle's orders attempt to track
ernest down
later they find out ernest had already
packed his bags and headed to the
airport
it is then they realize that both of
them are now stuck with each other
forever and will have to help each other
maintain their deteriorating appearances
37 years later ernest finally dies and a
funeral is held for him the priest is
showing praising earnest achievements
and tell how he had become a mountain
climber found love at the age of 50
remarrying and having six children with
his second wife as well as built an
institution for women to study their
behavior
during the sermon the preacher claims
that ernest has obtained true
immortality through his family the
preacher even mentions his jokes about
the living dead in beverly hills
in the back of the church helen and
madeline wearing heavy black veils to
cover up their faces are listening and
upon hearing the priest's final words
madeleine is shown making fun of the
priest while exiting the church
outside the church
the two women whose faces look ugly and
far worse due to their constant
touch-ups begin to argue
helen accidentally slips on a can of
spray paint she dropped helen is in
danger of falling down the chapel steps
with madeleine just smiling at her
however
helen isn't going down alone and grabs
her friend too along with her
the two tumble down the stairs and their
bodies shatter into various pieces at
the bottom
the movie ends showing both the women in
their shattered state helen's broken
head asks madeline's broken head that if
she remember where they parked the car
hope you enjoyed the movie
help us grow please by subscribing and
turning on the notifications